# SRAM-PG
## A benchmark suite for power delivery network analysis
The benchmarks are obtained from realistic and state-of-the-art SRAM designs, following a workflow for generating the post-layout PDN netlists with full RC parasitics. With careful modeling of load currents, the benchmarks reflect the dynamic work mode of the IC and can be used for both transient and DC analysis. The benchmarks are derived from the designs for diverse applications. We hope sharing them in the public domain with detailed descriptions would largely benefit the relevant research.
## Download
All netlist and simulation results are available at https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1xXOc-613NwobgV0_-4zpV5p0WzbpnhzN?usp=sharing
## Benchmark Description
### SSRAM
SSRAM is a macro of the basic SRAM array used by \cite{tscache}, which boosts the cache frequency and improves energy efficiency under low supply voltages. This design targets at the near-threshold voltage domain and is validated through the tape-out measurement.
### Ultra8T SRAM
Ultra8T SRAM is a sub-threshold design that can aggressively reduce the operating voltage by using a leakage detection strategy without any additional hardware overhead.
### Sandwich-RAM
Sandwich-RAM is an in-memory-computing design for binary weight convolutional neural networks that blends feature and partial-weight memory with a computing circuit together, like a sandwich, that achieves significantly fewer data access
### SP8192W SRAM
SP8192W SRAM, which is the largest design in this work, is based on a single port 6T cell structure generated by the ARM SRAM compiler with tremendously high density. This SRAM is fully compliant with the industry standard with good robustness.
## Application Notes
The proposed benchmarks support both DC and transient analysis. The corresponding files follow SPICE format. And the solution templates are also given. 
